I'm literally just a guy that stretches
in his kitchen and now we have a joint
health supplement by the way
international shipping is now open but I
have a gift for you anybody that
pre-orders flexi joints you get a free
full body flexibility ebook that has
in-depth descriptions and pictures and
it's way more high quality than any of
the other ebooks that I've done yet it's
about a 60 value if you don't end up
pre-ordering it will go on sale
eventually but I want to give anybody
that pre-orders the chance to use it
first I'll send it to you when it's done
pre-orders are ending soon so if you do
plan on trying it use code flexi 25
you'll get 25 off your order and if
you're domestic free shipping if you're
International I had to work it out a
little bit but as long as you get two
flexi joints we can still cover the cost
and give you free shipping I couldn't
have done any of this without the flexi
gang so from the bottom of my heart
thank you stay flexy